\documentclass[11pt,]{article}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\usepackage{fixltx2e} % provides \textsubscript
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \ifxetex
    \usepackage{mathspec}
  \else
    \usepackage{fontspec}
  \fi
  \defaultfontfeatures{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=MatchLowercase}
\fi
% use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
% use microtype if available
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{%
\usepackage{microtype}
\UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\usepackage[margin=1.8cm]{geometry}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{unicode=true,
            pdfborder={0 0 0},
            breaklinks=true}
\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls
\usepackage{graphicx,grffile}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
\IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
\usepackage{parskip}
}{% else
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
\setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}
}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{0}
% Redefines (sub)paragraphs to behave more like sections
\ifx\paragraph\undefined\else
\let\oldparagraph\paragraph
\renewcommand{\paragraph}[1]{\oldparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi
\ifx\subparagraph\undefined\else
\let\oldsubparagraph\subparagraph
\renewcommand{\subparagraph}[1]{\oldsubparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi

%%% Use protect on footnotes to avoid problems with footnotes in titles
\let\rmarkdownfootnote\footnote%
\def\footnote{\protect\rmarkdownfootnote}

%%% Change title format to be more compact
\usepackage{titling}

% Create subtitle command for use in maketitle
\providecommand{\subtitle}[1]{
  \posttitle{
    \begin{center}\large#1\end{center}
    }
}

\setlength{\droptitle}{-2em}

  \title{}
    \pretitle{\vspace{\droptitle}}
  \posttitle{}
    \author{}
    \preauthor{}\postauthor{}
    \date{}
    \predate{}\postdate{}
  
\usepackage{booktabs}
\usepackage{longtable}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage{wrapfig}
\usepackage{float}
\usepackage{colortbl}
\usepackage{pdflscape}
\usepackage{tabu}
\usepackage{threeparttable}
\usepackage{threeparttablex}
\usepackage[normalem]{ulem}
\usepackage{makecell}
\usepackage{xcolor}

\usepackage[natbibapa, sectionbib, tocbib]{apacite}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\usepackage[singlelinecheck = off]{caption}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{microtype}
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage[inline]{enumitem}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage[htt]{hyphenat}
\usepackage{booktabs}
\usepackage[euler]{textgreek}
\usepackage{float}
\usepackage[doublespacing]{setspace}
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\captionsetup[table]{width=\textwidth}
\setlength{\parindent}{2em}
\fancyhf{}
\fancyhead[RH]{\thepage}
\renewcommand{\headrulewidth}{0pt}
\pagestyle{fancy}
\hypersetup{colorlinks = true, linkcolor = blue, urlcolor = black, citecolor = blue}
\DeclareCaptionFormat{apa}{#1#2\\[1em]#3}
\captionsetup*[table]{labelsep = none, textfont = it, format = apa, width = .8\textwidth}
\captionsetup*[figure]{labelsep = period, labelfont = it, position = below}

\begin{document}

\hypertarget{exclusion-criteria}{%
\subsection{Exclusion criteria}\label{exclusion-criteria}}

\begin{table*}[t]

\caption{\label{tab:descTable}\label{descTable}Descriptive statistics for the DVs broken down
                     by experimental condition.}
\centering
\begin{tabular}{llrrrrrr}
\toprule
Measure & Condition & $n$ & $M$ & $SE_M$ & $SD$ & min & max\\
\midrule
 & Content, feedback & 41 & 13.22 & 0.508 & 3.25 & 2 & 19\\

 & Content, no feedback & 42 & 12.79 & 0.465 & 3.02 & 7 & 19\\

 & General, feedback & 40 & 10.97 & 0.533 & 3.37 & 1 & 17\\

 & General, no feedback & 40 & 10.47 & 0.449 & 2.84 & 5 & 16\\

\multirow{-5}{*}{\raggedright\arraybackslash Total correct} & Rereading & 40 & 10.88 & 0.443 & 2.80 & 4 & 17\\
\cmidrule{1-8}
 & Content, feedback & 41 & 3.15 & 0.258 & 1.65 & 0 & 7\\

 & Content, no feedback & 42 & 3.38 & 0.257 & 1.67 & 0 & 7\\

 & General, feedback & 40 & 4.17 & 0.318 & 2.01 & 0 & 8\\

 & General, no feedback & 40 & 4.58 & 0.288 & 1.82 & 1 & 9\\

\multirow{-5}{*}{\raggedright\arraybackslash Total intrusors} & Rereading & 40 & 4.62 & 0.350 & 2.21 & 1 & 10\\
\bottomrule
\end{tabular}
\end{table*}

Prior to analysing the data, we have excluded participants based on a
priori set criteria. Participants who have spent less than or equal to
90 seconds on the practice text were excluded (1 exclusion). Further, we
wanted to exclude participants who have had no correct answers on the
final test (0 exclusions). Finally, we have excluded participants who
have stated that they have reading deficits (3 exclusions). This left us
with a total sample of 203 participants. The descriptives for the sample
are shown in Table \ref{descTable}.

\hypertarget{interpolated-activity-effect}{%
\subsection{Interpolated activity
effect}\label{interpolated-activity-effect}}

Our first two hypotheses are concerned with the effects of different
interpolated activities on the total number of correct answers and total
number of intrusive distractors chosen. To test these hypotheses, we
have focused only on the groups which have not received feedback (\(n\)
= 122). This was done because there was no feedback option for the
rereading group, and we did not want to treat the feedback and
no-feedback general-knowledge and content-related testing groups as
equivalent without strong evidence supporting that assumption. We
conducted a one-way MANOVA with interpolated activity as the independent
variable and the total number of correct and intrusive options chosen as
dependent variables. The correlation between our DVs calculated on the
whole sample is \(r(201) =\) -.707 (95\% CI: {[}-.77, -.63{]}, \(p\)
\textless{} .0001).

Pillai's V for the analysis is .126, \(p = .004\) (Wilks' \(\Lambda\) =
.875, \(p = .003\)). The effect size, calculated as
\(\omega^2_{mult} = .109\) (bootstrap
median\footnote{All bootstrap estimates taken from 10000 replications.}
= .132, \(BC_\alpha\) 95\% CI = {[}.012, .201{]}). To further inspect
the relationship of the interpolated activities with our dependent
variables, we have conducted a Roy-Bargmann stepdown analysis, as
suggested by \citeauthor{tabachnickUsingMultivariateStatistics2012}
(\citeyear{tabachnickUsingMultivariateStatistics2012}; a linear
discriminant analysis with the same aim is available in the
supplementary materials). The total number of correct answers was a
priori chosen to be the higher priority variable. According to
\citet{tabachnickUsingMultivariateStatistics2012}, the higher priority
variable can be chosen based on theoretical or practical grounds. Since,
the total number of correct answers is the criterion that determines a
student's success in a testing context, we have chosen this dependent
variable as the higher priority one. Therefore, we first conducted an
ANOVA with interpolated activity type as the independent variable and
the total number of correct answers as the dependent variable.

As could be expected, the ANOVA points to an interpolated activity
effect, with \(F(2, 119)\) = 7.541, \(p = .001\). Following the ANOVA,
we conducted an ANCOVA, with the total number of correct answers as the
covariate, and the total number of intrusors as the dependent variable.
The results imply a main effect of the total number of correct answers
(\(F(1, 118)\) = 79.674, \(p < .0001\)), but after taking into account
the number of correct answers, there is no evidence for an effect of
interpolated activity on the total number of chosen intrusors
(\(F (2, 118)\) = 0.844, \(p = .433\)). For now, we may claim that we do
not have any evidence to support our second hypothesis that the type of
interpolated activity will have an effect on the number of intrusors.

In order to test our first hypothesis, we have contrasted (i) the
rereading group with the two test groups, and (ii) the two test groups
with each other, taking only the total number of correct answers as the
DV. The first contrast finds no evidence of a difference between the
rereading group and the two test groups (\(t(119)\) = 1.355,
\(p = .178\), \(g_s\) = 0.19, 95\% CI = {[}-0.19, 0.57{]}, Cohen's
\(U_{3, g_s}\) = 57.6\%, probability of superiority = 55.39\%). However,
there is a difference between the two test groups (\(t(119)\) = 3.62,
\(p = .0004\), \(g_s\) = 0.66, 95\% CI = {[}0.21, 1.1{]}, Cohen's
\(U_{3, g_s}\) = 74.43\%, probability of superiority = 67.88\%).
Participants in the content related test group scored higher on the
final test than participants in the general knowledge test condition.
These two findings are not in line with our predictions.

\hypertarget{the-interaction-between-feedback-and-interpolated-activity-type}{%
\subsection{The interaction between feedback and interpolated activity
type}\label{the-interaction-between-feedback-and-interpolated-activity-type}}

The remaining hypotheses deal with the effect of feedback on the total
number of correct answers and the total number of intrusors. Therefore,
these analyses are carried out only on the data from participants in the
general and content related test conditions (\(n\) = 163). To test these
hypotheses, we first conducted a two-way MANOVA with interpolated
activity and feedback as independent variables, and total number of
correct answers and total number of intrusors as the dependent
variables.

Pillai's V for the interpolated activity effect (calculated with type
III sums of squares) is .071, \(p = .003\) (Wilks' \(\Lambda\) = .929,
\(p = .003\)) confirming the main effect of interpolated activity type.
The effect size \(\omega^2_{mult}\) = .065 (bootstrap median = .072,
\(BC_\alpha\) 95\% CI = {[}.007, .139{]}).

On the other hand, we find no evidence for an effect of giving feedback
on the linear combination of our two dependent variables --- Pillai's V
= .003, \(p = .800\) (Wilks' \(\Lambda\) = .997, \(p = .800\)). The
effect size is \(\omega^2_{mult}\) = -.003 (bootstrap median =
.003\footnote{
The \(BC_\alpha\) 95\% CI for this estimate is \([-.006,
.004]\).
\label{bca-ref}}).

Furthermore, we find no evidence for an interaction effect between
activity type and feedback --- Pillai's V = .001, \(p = .941\) (Wilks'
\(\Lambda\) = .999, \(p = .941\)). The effect size \(\omega^2_{mult}\) =
-.005 (bootstrap median = .003\footnote{
The \(BC_\alpha\) 95\% CI = \([-.006,
-.005]\).
Our guess is that this odd result is due to the fact that most of the density is concentrated
around 0, causing an unreliable estimate. The same could be said for the CI in
footnote \ref{bca-ref}.}). Both the feedback and the interaction
estimates of \(\omega^2_{mult}\) are to be considered to be zero, given
their negative values.

Again, we have conducted a follow-up Roy-Bargmann stepdown analysis. In
the ANOVA model with the total number of correct answers as the
dependent variable and the type of interpolated activity, feedback and
their interaction as predictors, only the type of activity seems to be
relevant (\(F(1, 159) = 11.2, p = .001\)). This result also shows that
participants in the content related test condition scored higher on the
final test than the participants in the general knowledge test
condition, which should be no surprise given the results of the first
stepdown analysis. In the second step, we fit an ANCOVA model with the
total number of correct answers as the covariate. In this model, the
type of interpolated activity ceases to be a relevant predictor
(\(F(1, 155) = 0.175, p = .676\)). The full models are shown in Table
\ref{rb2-table}.

Contrary to our expectations, we find no evidence of an effect of
feedback on the total number of correctly answered questions (\ref{h3}).
Also, we found no evidence for an interaction effect of feedback and
type of interpolated activity on the total number of correct answers
(\ref{h4}). The same findings apply to the predictions regarding the
total number of intrusors chosen (\ref{h5} and \ref{h6}).

\begin{table*}[t]

\caption{\label{tab:rb2Table}\label{rb2-table}ANOVA and ANCOVA models for the second Roy-Bargmann
                     procedure.}
\centering
\begin{tabular}{lrrrr}
\toprule
Term & $SS$ & $df$ & $F$ & $p$\\
\midrule
\addlinespace[0.3em]
\multicolumn{5}{l}{\textbf{ANOVA}}\\
\hspace{1em}Activity & 109.393 & 1 & 11.200 & .001\\
\hspace{1em}Feedback & 3.904 & 1 & 0.400 & .528\\
\hspace{1em}Activity x Feedback & 0.045 & 1 & 0.005 & .946\\
\hspace{1em}Residuals & 1553.046 & 159 &  & \\
\addlinespace[0.3em]
\multicolumn{5}{l}{\textbf{ANCOVA}}\\
\hspace{1em}Activity & 0.301 & 1 & 0.175 & .676\\
\hspace{1em}Feedback & 0.173 & 1 & 0.100 & .752\\
\hspace{1em}Total correct & 63.216 & 1 & 36.760 & < .0001\\
\hspace{1em}Activity x Feedback & 0.813 & 1 & 0.473 & .493\\
\hspace{1em}Activity x Total correct & 0.862 & 1 & 0.501 & .480\\
\hspace{1em}Feedback x Total correct & 0.130 & 1 & 0.075 & .784\\
\hspace{1em}Activity x Feedback x Total correct & 1.229 & 1 & 0.715 & .399\\
\hspace{1em}Residuals & 266.551 & 155 &  & \\
\bottomrule
\end{tabular}
\end{table*}

\hypertarget{additional-analyses}{%
\subsection{Additional analyses}\label{additional-analyses}}

Because it is theoretically interesting to see whether there is evidence
for absence of a difference between certain conditions, or no effect of
certain manipulations, we have conducted a Bayesian reanalysis of the
two Roy-Bargmann stepdown procedures. Since these analyses were not
planned, we have decided to use the default priors provided in the
\textit{BayesFactor} \citep{moreyBayesFactorComputationBayes2018}
package.\footnote{All posteriors obtained from 6000 simulations.}

\hypertarget{bayesian-reanalysis-of-the-first-roy-bargmann-procedure}{%
\subsubsection{Bayesian reanalysis of the first Roy-Bargmann
procedure}\label{bayesian-reanalysis-of-the-first-roy-bargmann-procedure}}

As was earlier done in a frequentist setting, we first fit an ANOVA
model with the total number of correct answers as the dependent
variable, and the type of interpolated activity as the predictor. All
effects are expressed as deviations from the estimated posterior
subsample mean of 11.381. The estimated mean of the effect of content
related testing is 1.254 (95\% HDI = {[}0.553, 2.005{]}). The 95\%
highest density interval of the posterior indicates that there is a fair
amount of uncertainty around the exact magnitude of the effect of
content-related testing. However, most of the probability density is
quite far above zero, implying that there really is a positive effect.
The means of the posterior distributions for the general-knowledge-test
and rereading conditions \(b\)s are -0.805 (95\% HDI = {[}-1.549,
-0.116{]}) and -0.449, (95\% HDI = {[}-1.125, 0.257{]}) respectively.
Most of the posterior distribution for the effect of general knowledge
testing lies below zero, pointing to a negative effect on the total
number of correct answers, although the distance is not as marked as in
the content-related condition. On the other hand, there is a lot of
uncertainty about the effect of rereading, compared to the other two
estimates. Still, 89.8\% of the posterior lies below zero, leading us to
believe that the effect is most likely negative.

Furthermore, we wanted to explore the difference between the rereading
and general-knowledge-test conditions, given their somewhat similar
coefficient and HDI estimates, as well as sample means. To do this, we
conducted a Bayesian t-test, again with the \textit{BayesFactor}
package's default priors. The estimated posterior mean of the difference
in the total number of correct answers between the two groups is -0.362
(95\% HDI = {[}-1.49, 0.856{]}). As can be seen from the HDI, there is a
lot of uncertainty around the estimate of the difference, which points
to a lack of evidence for any claim regarding the effect.

In the second step of the Roy-Bargmann procedure, we fit an ANCOVA model
with the total number of correct answers as the covariate and the total
number of intrusive options chosen as the dependent variable. Effects
are again expressed relative to the estimated posterior subsample mean
of 4.193. There is uncertainty around the estimates of the effects of
the different experimental conditions --- content related testing \(b\)
= -0.214 (95\% HDI = {[}-0.583, 0.146{]}), general-knowledge testing
\(b\) = 0.072 (95\% HDI = {[}-0.288, 0.424{]}), rereading \(b\) = 0.142
(95\% HDI = {[}-0.216, 0.494{]}). The HDIs show that there could be
either a slight increase or a slight decrease in the number of
intrusors, preventing us from making a conclusion about the nature of
the effects. However, given the current data and priors, we find the
following --- 87.43\% of the posterior for the effect of content related
testing falls below zero; 65.57\% of the posterior for the effect of
general knowledge testing falls above zero; 77.68\% of the posterior for
the effect of rereading falls above zero. Given the stated, there is
some evidence implying that content related testing decreases the number
of intrusors chosen, after controlling for the effect of the total
number of correct answers. Further, there is some, albeit weaker
evidence that rereading leads to an increase in the number of chosen
intrusive distractors. Lastly, the posterior of the general knowledge
testing effect points to no particular direction. A stronger test of
these claims is desired.

\hypertarget{bayesian-reanalysis-of-the-second-roy-bargmann-procedure}{%
\subsubsection{Bayesian reanalysis of the second Roy-Bargmann
procedure}\label{bayesian-reanalysis-of-the-second-roy-bargmann-procedure}}

In the second Roy-Bargmann analysis, we wanted to test whether there is
an effect of the type of interpolated activity, receiving feedback, and
their interaction on the total number of correct answers and chosen
intrusors. Again, we first fit an ANOVA model with the two predictors
and the total number of correct answers as the dependent variable.

Effects are expressed relative to the estimated posterior subsample mean
of 11.868. We find that content related testing leads to an increase in
the total number of correct answers, \(b\) = 1.086 (95\% HDI = {[}0.589,
1.559{]}), compared to the general knowledge testing. This is aligned
with the finding obtained in the frequentist setting. The mean of the
posterior for the effect of receiving feedback is 0.218 (95\% HDI =
{[}-0.251, 0.679{]}). The HDI around the estimate prevents us from
making any firm conclusions regarding the effect of receiving feedback.
However, we will mention that 82.25\% of the posterior lies above zero,
implying a possible positive effect on learning. Finally, the estimate
for the interaction effect (being in the content condition and receiving
feedback) is -0.013 (95\% HDI = {[}-0.46, 0.432{]}). This could point to
there not being a relevant interaction effect. According to the
collected data and the priors, we could claim that the effect is
practically equivalent to zero if we were not interested in a half-point
increase or decrease in the average scores (i.e.~defining a region of
practical equivalence (ROPE) between {[}-0.5, 0.5{]}). Still, greater
precision, which would require further data collection, is desired.

We continue with the ANCOVA model, taking the total number of correct
answers as the covariate. The estimate of the intercept is 3.821 (95\%
HDI = {[}3.6, 4.03{]}). The estimate for the effect of content related
testing on the total number of intrusive distractors chosen is \(b\) =
-0.118 (95\% HDI = {[}-0.325, 0.092{]}), compared to general knowledge
testing. There is some evidence for a slight decrease in the number of
intrusive distractors chosen in the content related testing condition.
However, an increase is also possible, but less likely and negligibly
small. The estimate for the effect of receiving feedback is -0.091 (95\%
HDI = {[}-0.302, 0.121{]}). Although the mean of the posterior is close
to zero, the lower bound of the HDI shows that values which may be
considered non-negligible are still somewhat probable. Therefore, we
shall refrain from making a judgement regarding the effect of feedback
on choosing intrusive distractors. Finally, the estimate of the
interaction effect is \(b\) = 0.047 (95\% HDI = {[}-0.153, 0.244{]}).
The mean of the posterior is close to zero, and we could declare the
effect to be practically equivalent to zero with a ROPE of approximately
{[}-0.25, 0.25{]}.

As previously stated, all these analyses were not planned a priori. This
warrants certain caveats. The \textit{BayesFactor} package's default
priors were used. The appropriateness of these priors should certainly
be questioned. However, we have decided to use them because we did not
want to choose priors after already seeing the data, which would have
been more problematic. Further, the statements about effects made in
this section are noncommittal. Whether a 0.5 increase or decrease in the
total number of correct answers is practically equivalent to zero or not
is left to the reader. We conclude by reminding the reader that the data
is available online, at
\url{https://osf.io/gk9a3/?view_only=33f2a1207acf4e2093d489e46063b6e0}.

\hypertarget{deviations-from-the-preregistered-analysis-plan}{%
\subsection{Deviations from the preregistered analysis
plan}\label{deviations-from-the-preregistered-analysis-plan}}

Initially, we have planned to do a robustness check of our findings
using data with an additional exclusion criterion, based on the number
of times each participant has read each of the three parts of the main
text. This analysis was never conducted because (i) applying this
criterion would have lead to unacceptably low power and (ii) the
participants' estimates of the number of times they have read each part
were similarly distributed across all conditions. Further, we have
planned to conduct a TOST procedure to test whether there is no
difference between the content-related and general-knowledge testing
groups. This analysis was not conducted because we have found a
difference. A Bayesian t-test was also considered for the same
comparison, but was dropped early on due to some conceptual concerns.


\end{document}
