\documentclass[11pt,]{article}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\usepackage{fixltx2e} % provides \textsubscript
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \ifxetex
    \usepackage{mathspec}
  \else
    \usepackage{fontspec}
  \fi
  \defaultfontfeatures{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=MatchLowercase}
\fi
% use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
% use microtype if available
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{%
\usepackage{microtype}
\UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\usepackage[margin=1.8cm]{geometry}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{unicode=true,
            pdfborder={0 0 0},
            breaklinks=true}
\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls
\usepackage{graphicx,grffile}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
\IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
\usepackage{parskip}
}{% else
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
\setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}
}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{0}
% Redefines (sub)paragraphs to behave more like sections
\ifx\paragraph\undefined\else
\let\oldparagraph\paragraph
\renewcommand{\paragraph}[1]{\oldparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi
\ifx\subparagraph\undefined\else
\let\oldsubparagraph\subparagraph
\renewcommand{\subparagraph}[1]{\oldsubparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi

%%% Use protect on footnotes to avoid problems with footnotes in titles
\let\rmarkdownfootnote\footnote%
\def\footnote{\protect\rmarkdownfootnote}

%%% Change title format to be more compact
\usepackage{titling}

% Create subtitle command for use in maketitle
\providecommand{\subtitle}[1]{
  \posttitle{
    \begin{center}\large#1\end{center}
    }
}

\setlength{\droptitle}{-2em}

  \title{}
    \pretitle{\vspace{\droptitle}}
  \posttitle{}
    \author{}
    \preauthor{}\postauthor{}
    \date{}
    \predate{}\postdate{}
  
\usepackage{booktabs}
\usepackage{longtable}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage{wrapfig}
\usepackage{float}
\usepackage{colortbl}
\usepackage{pdflscape}
\usepackage{tabu}
\usepackage{threeparttable}
\usepackage{threeparttablex}
\usepackage[normalem]{ulem}
\usepackage{makecell}
\usepackage{xcolor}

\usepackage[natbibapa, sectionbib, tocbib]{apacite}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\usepackage{caption}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage[inline]{enumitem}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage[htt]{hyphenat}
\usepackage{booktabs}
\usepackage[euler]{textgreek}
\usepackage{float}
\usepackage[onehalfspacing]{setspace}
\captionsetup[table]{width=\textwidth}
\hypersetup{colorlinks = true, linkcolor = blue, urlcolor = red}

\begin{document}

\hypertarget{participants-and-design}{%
\subsection{Participants and design}\label{participants-and-design}}

Undergraduate and graduate phonetics and psychology students (80.8\%
female, median age = 21, IQR = 3, range = {[}18, 31{]}, total \(N\) =
207) from the University of Zagreb participated in the study in exchange
for course credit. Participants were randomly assigned to one of five
groups which differed in the type of activity they engaged in between
parts of the text they have read and in whether they received feedback
on their intermittent test achievement or not.

\hypertarget{materials-and-procedure}{%
\subsection{Materials and procedure}\label{materials-and-procedure}}

\hypertarget{materials}{%
\subsubsection{Materials}\label{materials}}

Participants read a text on the evolution, ecological and biological
characteristics of weeds. The text was taken from a chapter in a
Croatian university-level textbook. Some sentences and passages were
slightly modified, so as to avoid odd language constructions; Latin
plant names were translated to Croatian, and some plants were removed
from the text to make it less difficult for the target participant
population. The text was divided into three parts of 874, 754, and 835
words, respectively. Additionally, there was a practice text taken from
the same chapter, but unrelated to any of the other three parts of the
text (768 words).

Forty-four content related questions with four response options were
generated from the presented texts. Four questions were presented after
the practice text, ten after each of the first two parts (only to the
participants in the content related test condition), and twenty after
the third part of the text (to all participants). Starting from the
second ten-question-set, the distractor options were chosen so that (a)
two distractors were plausible, but unrelated to the text, and (b) one
distractor was a term or concept mentioned in the previous part of the
text --- this was considered to be the ``intrusive'' option. Further,
twenty-four general knowledge questions were generated. These questions
were presented to participants in the general knowledge test condition,
after the first two parts of the text.

At the beginning of the session, participants' ID, age and sex
information was collected. At the end of the session, participants were
asked to estimate how much of each text they have read. The texts and
questions were presented on a personal computer, in an application
constructed using the open source \textit{oTree} framework
\citep[version 2.1.35,][]{chenOTreeOpensourcePlatform2016} for the
\textit{Python} programming language (version 3.6.4, October 20, 2018).

\hypertarget{procedure}{%
\subsubsection{Procedure}\label{procedure}}

\begin{figure}
  \includegraphics[width = \textwidth, keepaspectratio, trim = 135 0 135 90]{../images/flowchart/procedure.pdf}
  \caption{A flowchart depicting the experimental procedure.}
  \label{flowchart}
\end{figure}

Participants were first given a brief introduction to the study, and
were encouraged to carefully read and follow the written instructions.
Then, they were led to a computer, which was running a fullscreen
instance of the \textit{oTree} application with a randomly chosen
experimental condition. There, participants read the informed consent
form and, in case there were no questions, started the experiment. A
flowchart for the experiment is displayed in Figure \ref{flowchart}.

After entering their personal information, participants were presented
with instructions for their first task, which was to read the practice
text at a speed that comes naturally to them. They were to click a
button at the bottom of the text when they have finished reading it.
Unbeknownst to the participants, the time they took to read the practice
text was recorded, and used as the basis for determining the reading
time limits for the remaining texts. However, the lowest possible time
limit was set to 5 minutes, and the longest to 8 minutes.

Next, participants were familiarised with the interpolated activity they
were going to perform during the main part of the procedure. The
rereading group reread the practice text (this time with the time limit
applied), the general knowledge test group answered four general
knowledge questions, and the content related test group answered four
questions based on the practice text.

Subjects in the rereading and general knowledge conditions also answered
the four questions related to the practice text, so as to familiarise
themselves with the scope and specificity level of the questions they
will receive after reading the final text. All participants were told
that there would be a cumulative test after the final text, examining
their knowledge of the three texts following the practice text. In
reality, the final test examined only the knowledge of the final text.

Participants assigned to the feedback condition also received feedback
on their practice test achievement. Feedback was presented on a separate
screen, which listed the questions, the participant's answers, and the
correct answers in a tabular format. Incorrectly answered questions were
highlighted in red, and correctly answered questions in green. After 40
seconds elapsed, a ``Next'' button appeared, allowing participants to
proceed to the next text. By setting this cooldown period, by
emphasising that there would be a cumulative test, and through written
instructions, we wanted to encourage our participants to carefully
examine the feedback. The feedback was presented for maximally 60
seconds, after which the application proceeded to the next text.

After the practice round, participants proceeded to the main texts,
engaging in the interpolated activities they were assigned. Depending on
the condition they were assigned to, they also received feedback after
every interpolated test, except for the last one. After the third text,
all participants were presented with twenty questions examining their
knowledge of the third text. The computer recorded whether a participant
correctly answered a question and whether the participant chose an
intrusive distractor. This allowed us to compute our dependent variables
--- the total number of correct answers and the total number of
intrusive distractors chosen.


\end{document}
